**324 Ports and paths are changed ref data**

# 20250321ctdeck

**Source:** C:\FOB\TANDR_DRIVE\Alltransfer\drive-download-20260123T235105Z-3-001\20250321ctdeck.docx
**Type:** DOCX
**Converted:** 2026-03-05 19:30:42

---

CCB#: 254683                                                                        03/21/2025
WA#: TRBUIBL762RW      SALES CONTRACT
Office Address:                    Carol Thompson
1260 West 1ST Street          1116 McPherson Street
Arlington OR 97812            Wasco OR 97065
(541)993-8586                       (541)980-3068
Original Sales Contract Number  20250321ctdeck
SCOPE OF WORK:
Buyer agrees to purchase the following described goods and services to be furnished as a part of the contract referred to above.  Allowing T & R Builder LLC. to perform any work necessary to complete the scope of work below.
Deck repair
Remove all the homeowner's personal belongings off the deck staged in the front of the house
Remove the existing wood decking from the old deck roughly 27 feet by 15 feet
Repairs to any damage of the sub-structure will be billed to the homeowner as follows in the contract addendum below
install new Vycor tape to the top of the sub-structure
Install  new 2x6 fir decking
This contract will not include any paint or stain 
 Remove all construction debris from the job site.
(Any replacement of deck sub-structure or siding) is an addendum to the contract @ cost of material+15% and $75.00 labor per hour.
SALE PRICE          $5,006.75
SALES TAX             $0.00
DOWN PAYMENT   $3,000.00
FINAL PAYMENT    $2,006.75+any addendum work
DOWN PAYMENT IS DUE AT THE TIME CONTRACT IS SIGNED 
FINAL PAYMENT DUE WITHIN TWO BUSINESS DAYS FROM COMPLETION
 NOTICE TO THE BUYER
DO NOT SIGN THIS CONTRACT BEFORE READING IT CAREFULLY
YOU ARE ENTITLED TO AN EXACT COPY OF EVERYTHING YOU SIGNED
ALL ESTIMATES ARE VALID FOR 15 CONSECUTIVE DAYS FROM WRITTEN DATE 
Special Instructions: Buyer has the right to cancel within Three working Days of the date the contract is signed.  Any *Special orders are not refundable after the three-day timeframe.  Any alterations to the contract specified above will involve extra coast and will be executed after they are submitted in writing.
ATTORNEY FEES: BUYER WILL PAY COLLECTION COSTS AND FEES SELLER INCURS DUE TO BUYERS DEFAULT, WHETHER OR NO A SUIT IS FILED AGAINST THE BUYER, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO SELLERS REASONABLE ATTORNEY FEES AND ANY FEES OR COSTS TO FORECLOSE ANY LOAN. IF SELLER FILES A LAWSUIT TO COLLECT THE UNPAID BALANCE OR TO FORECLOSE ANY DEED OF TRUST SECURING THIS CONTRACT, OR TO ENFORCE TO HAVE DECLARED SELLERS RIGHTS UNDER THIS CONTRACT OF THE DEED OF TRUST, OR IF SELLER IS NAMED A PARTY IN ANY COURT SUIT ACTION BROUGHT WITH RESPECT TO THE PROPERTY BUYER MAY HAVE GIVEN A REASONABLE ATTORNEYS FEES DETERMINED BY ANT TRIAL. APPELLATE OR BANKRUPTCY COURT. BUYER WILL ALSO PAY ANY COSTS INVOLVED AND THE ACTUAL COSTS OF OBTAINING TITLE REPORTS TO FORECLOSE OR DEFEND THE DEED OF TRUST GIVEN BY THE BUYER.
BY SIGNING THIS NOTICE YOU ARE INDICATING THAT YOU HAVE RECEIVED THIS NOTICE, HAVE READ, AND UNDERSTAND IT.
T & R          Buyer Signed______________________03/24/2025
BUILDER  
                                 Representative_____________________03/24/2025

---

*End of document*

**324 Ports and paths are changed ref data**
