**324 Ports and paths are changed ref data**

# 20251017KHPH

**Source:** C:\FOB\TANDR_DRIVE\Alltransfer\drive-download-20260123T235105Z-3-001\20251017KHPH.docx
**Type:** DOCX
**Converted:** 2026-03-05 19:30:42

---

CCB#: 254683                                                                         11/13/25
WA#: TRBUIBL762RW      SALES CONTRACT
Office Address:                                  Kyle J House 
408 Scott Street                      site/billing: 3828 Fletcher Drive 
Moro, Oregon 97039                                 Hood River OR 97031
(541)288-1113 (541)-980-1113                        (541490-5186
info.tandrbuilder@gmail.com         drhouse@houseofkidzpg.com
Original Sales Contract Number  20251017KHPH
Buyer agrees to purchase the following described goods and services, which are to be furnished as a part of the contract referred to above.  Allowing T & R Builder LLC. to perform any work necessary to complete the scope of work below.
Scope of Work – Pump House Repair and Completion
Work to be performed:
Repair and complete construction of the pump house.
Relocate existing electrical receptacle to the interior side of the wall.
Inspect, repair, and/or replace all damaged fascia as needed.
Remove existing siding battens.
Install flashing and a moisture barrier at the sill plate.
Install new metal siding.
Insulate walls and roof.
Install vapor barriers on both the interior and exterior as required.
Flash an opening to allow proper water drainage where the main line enters the pump house.
Excavate and pour a concrete footing on the open side of the pump house.
Frame and side the opening, including a 36” door opening located on the left side of the wall.
Install a 36” outward-opening door.
Rates and Materials:
Labor: $85.00 per hour per person
Materials and equipment rentals: Billed at cost plus 15%
SALE PRICE           $9,326.17
SALES TAX             $0
DOWN PAYMENT   $4,826.17
FINAL PAYMENT    $4,500.00
DOWN PAYMENTS ARE DUE WITHIN ONE BUSINESS DAY OF THIS CONTRACT BEING SIGNED..  
FINAL PAYMENT PLUS ADDED COSTS ARE DUE WITHIN TWO BUSINESS DAYS FROM COMPLETION.
 NOTICE TO THE BUYER
DO NOT SIGN THIS CONTRACT BEFORE READING IT CAREFULLY
YOU ARE ENTITLED TO AN EXACT COPY OF EVERYTHING YOU SIGNED
ALL ESTIMATES ARE VALID FOR 5 CONSECUTIVE DAYS FROM WRITTEN DATE 
Special Instructions: The buyer has the right to cancel within three working Days of the date the contract is signed.  Any *Special orders are not refundable after the three-day timeframe.  Any alterations to the contract specified above will incur additional costs and will be executed only after they are submitted in writing.
ATTORNEY FEES: BUYER WILL PAY COLLECTION COSTS AND FEES SELLER INCURS DUE TO BUYER'S DEFAULT, WHETHER OR NOT A SUIT IS FILED AGAINST THE BUYER, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, SELLER'S REASONABLE ATTORNEY FEES AND ANY FEES OR COSTS TO FORECLOSE ANY LOAN. IF SELLER FILES A LAWSUIT TO COLLECT THE UNPAID BALANCE OR TO FORECLOSE ANY DEED OF TRUST SECURING THIS CONTRACT, OR TO ENFORCE TO HAVE DECLARED SELLERS RIGHTS UNDER THIS CONTRACT OF THE DEED OF TRUST, OR IF SELLER IS NAMED A PARTY IN ANY COURT SUIT ACTION BROUGHT CONCERNING THE PROPERTY BUYER MAY HAVE GIVEN A REASONABLE ATTORNEYS FEES DETERMINED BY ANT TRIAL. APPELLATE OR BANKRUPTCY COURT. BUYER WILL ALSO PAY ANY COSTS INVOLVED AND THE ACTUAL COSTS OF OBTAINING TITLE REPORTS TO FORECLOSE OR DEFEND THE DEED OF TRUST GIVEN BY THE BUYER.
BY SIGNING THIS NOTICE, YOU ARE INDICATING THAT YOU HAVE RECEIVED THIS NOTICE, HAVE READ, AND UNDERSTAND IT.
T & R          Buyer Signed______________________/___/2025
BUILDER   
                                 Representative_____________________/___/2025

---

*End of document*

**324 Ports and paths are changed ref data**
