**324 Ports and paths are changed ref data**

# 20250530LCAF

**Source:** C:\FOB\TANDR_DRIVE\Alltransfer\drive-download-20260123T235105Z-3-001\20250530LCAF.docx
**Type:** DOCX
**Converted:** 2026-03-05 19:30:42

---

CCB#: 254683                                                                          10/26/25
WA#: TRBUIBL762RW      SALES CONTRACT
Office Address:                         Lal Sidhu
408 Scott Street         site address: lot 300 Biggs Rufus Hwy, Wasco, OR 97065
Moro, Oregon 97039    billing address: 1311 Lancaster Dr NE Salem, OR 97301
(541)288-1113                     (503)910-6527
Original Sales Contract Number  20250530LCAF
Buyer agrees to purchase the following described goods and services, which are to be furnished as a part of the contract referred to above.  Allowing T & R Builder LLC. to perform any work necessary to complete the scope of work below.
Scope of Work:Clear, fill and Surface-level contouring lot 300
Utility Marking: T&R will call 811 for utility marking before beginning any excavation or grading work.
Permits and Permissions: Research of state and county requirements confirms that no permits or permissions are needed for the proposed lot work.
Site Cleanup: T&R will remove the old RV from the property and haul away all garbage and debris. Tree removal will be completed by the owner’s subcontractor at their expense. All debris will be hauled from the site upon completion.
Utility Work: T&R will coordinate with the power company to set up and finalize the work order for moving the power poles. The cost for moving the utilities will be at Owens' expense.
Equipment and Access: T&R will have all necessary equipment delivered to the site. T&R will set up access to the fire hydrants for water required during the project.
Grading and Site Preparation: T&R will set the site grade as discussed with the owners and Randy. T&R will push out existing fill on the west side of the lot to fill low areas. Additional fill material will be hauled from the rock quarry (across the street and west of the site). The fill will be compacted using heavy machinery.Concrete Collars: T&R will install three drivable concrete collars to provide a stable base for:
The old well
Sewer manhole covers
The well observation access point
Final Grading: Once the preferred grade is reached, T&R will spread 6 inches of crushed ¾” rock to establish the final drivable surface. A vibratory compaction roller will be used to complete the final compaction.
Material Sourcing: All materials not available from the specified quarry will be purchased from a local quarry and hauled by a local CDL driver at the owner’s expense.
Contract Terms:
Fuel needed for the equipment will be fueled at the ta and paid for by the owner Approx. $7,000.00
Hourly labor rate: $110.00 per personMaterials and equipment rentals will be billed at cost plus 15%
Any changes to the contract will be handled through a written change order.
SALE PRICE           $280,250.12
SALES TAX             $           0.00
DOWN PAYMENT   $156,250.00
MID PAYMENT        $  62,000.06
FINAL PAYMENT    $  62,000.06
DOWN PAYMENTS ARE DUE WITHIN ONE BUSINESS DAY OF THIS CONTRACT BEING SIGNED.
MID PAYMENT IS DUE WHEN THE  EQUIPMENT IS DELIVERED.  
FINAL PAYMENT DUE WITHIN TWO BUSINESS DAYS FROM COMPLETION.
 NOTICE TO THE BUYER
DO NOT SIGN THIS CONTRACT BEFORE READING IT CAREFULLY
YOU ARE ENTITLED TO AN EXACT COPY OF EVERYTHING YOU SIGNED
ALL ESTIMATES ARE VALID FOR 5 CONSECUTIVE DAYS FROM WRITTEN DATE 
Special Instructions: The buyer has the right to cancel within three working Days of the date the contract is signed.  Any *Special orders are not refundable after the three-day timeframe.  Any alterations to the contract specified above will incur additional costs and will be executed only after they are submitted in writing.
ATTORNEY FEES: BUYER WILL PAY COLLECTION COSTS AND FEES SELLER INCURS DUE TO BUYER'S DEFAULT, WHETHER OR NOT A SUIT IS FILED AGAINST THE BUYER, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, SELLER'S REASONABLE ATTORNEY FEES AND ANY FEES OR COSTS TO FORECLOSE ANY LOAN. IF SELLER FILES A LAWSUIT TO COLLECT THE UNPAID BALANCE OR TO FORECLOSE ANY DEED OF TRUST SECURING THIS CONTRACT, OR TO ENFORCE TO HAVE DECLARED SELLERS RIGHTS UNDER THIS CONTRACT OF THE DEED OF TRUST, OR IF SELLER IS NAMED A PARTY IN ANY COURT SUIT ACTION BROUGHT CONCERNING THE PROPERTY BUYER MAY HAVE GIVEN A REASONABLE ATTORNEYS FEES DETERMINED BY ANT TRIAL. APPELLATE OR BANKRUPTCY COURT. BUYER WILL ALSO PAY ANY COSTS INVOLVED AND THE ACTUAL COSTS OF OBTAINING TITLE REPORTS TO FORECLOSE OR DEFEND THE DEED OF TRUST GIVEN BY THE BUYER.
BY SIGNING THIS NOTICE, YOU ARE INDICATING THAT YOU HAVE RECEIVED THIS NOTICE, HAVE READ, AND UNDERSTAND IT.
T & R          Buyer Signed______________________/___/2025
BUILDER   Co-Buyer__________________________/___/2025
                                 Representative_____________________/___/2025

---

*End of document*

**324 Ports and paths are changed ref data**
