**324 Ports and paths are changed ref data**

# 20250321ctdeck2

**Source:** C:\FOB\TANDR_DRIVE\Alltransfer\drive-download-20260123T235105Z-3-001\20250321ctdeck2.docx
**Type:** DOCX
**Converted:** 2026-03-05 19:30:42

---

CCB#: 254683                                                                        05/31/2025
WA#: TRBUIBL762RW      SALES CONTRACT
Office Address:                    Carol Thompson
408 Scott Street          1116 McPherson Street
moro OR 97039            Wasco OR 97065
(541)288-1113                      (541)980-3068
Original Sales Contract Number  20250321ctdeck2
SCOPE OF WORK:
Buyer agrees to purchase the following described goods and services to be furnished as a part of the contract referred to above.  Allowing T & R Builder LLC. to perform any work necessary to complete the scope of work below.
Deck repair
Remove all the homeowner's personal belongings from the deck staged in the front of the house
T&R will sand both the new and old decks, just the flat surface
T&R will pressure wash all the dust off the deck surface
T&R will apply one coat of Super Deck to the walking surface only
T&R will place all plants and patio furniture onto the deck once done
 Remove all construction debris from the job site.
(Any replacement of deck substructure or siding) is an addendum to the contract @ cost of material+15% and $65.00 labor per hour.
SALE PRICE          $2,400.00
 NOTICE TO THE BUYER
DO NOT SIGN THIS CONTRACT BEFORE READING IT CAREFULLY
YOU ARE ENTITLED TO AN EXACT COPY OF EVERYTHING YOU SIGNED
ALL ESTIMATES ARE VALID FOR 55 CONSECUTIVE DAYS FROM WRITTEN DATE 
Special Instructions: The buyer has the right to cancel within three working Days of the date the contract is signed.  Any *Special orders are not refundable after the three-day timeframe.  Any alterations to the contract specified above will involve extra cost and will be executed after they are submitted in writing.
ATTORNEY FEES: BUYER WILL PAY COLLECTION COSTS AND FEES SELLER INCURS DUE TO BUYER'S DEFAULT, WHETHER OR NOT A SUIT IS FILED AGAINST THE BUYER, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, SELLER'S REASONABLE ATTORNEY FEES AND ANY FEES OR COSTS TO FORECLOSE ANY LOAN. IF SELLER FILES A LAWSUIT TO COLLECT THE UNPAID BALANCE OR TO FORECLOSE ANY DEED OF TRUST SECURING THIS CONTRACT, OR TO ENFORCE TO HAVE DECLARED SELLERS RIGHTS UNDER THIS CONTRACT OF THE DEED OF TRUST, OR IF SELLER IS NAMED A PARTY IN ANY COURT SUIT ACTION BROUGHT FOR THE PROPERTY BUYER MAY HAVE GIVEN A REASONABLE ATTORNEYS FEES DETERMINED BY ANT TRIAL. APPELLATE OR BANKRUPTCY COURT. BUYER WILL ALSO PAY ANY COSTS INVOLVED AND THE ACTUAL COSTS OF OBTAINING TITLE REPORTS TO FORECLOSE OR DEFEND THE DEED OF TRUST GIVEN BY THE BUYER.
BY SIGNING THIS NOTICE, YOU ARE INDICATING THAT YOU HAVE RECEIVED THIS NOTICE, HAVE READ, AND UNDERSTAND IT.
T & R          Buyer Signed                                             05/31/2025
BUILDER  
                                 Representative_____________________05/31/2025

---

*End of document*

**324 Ports and paths are changed ref data**
