**324 Ports and paths are changed ref data**

# 20250321ctroof

**Source:** C:\FOB\TANDR_DRIVE\Alltransfer\drive-download-20260123T235105Z-3-001\20250321ctroof.docx
**Type:** DOCX
**Converted:** 2026-03-05 19:30:42

---

CCB#: 254683                                                                         03/21/2025
WA#: TRBUIBL762RW      SALES CONTRACT
Office Address:                    Carol Thompson
1260 West 1ST Street          1116 McPherson Street
Arlington OR 97812            Wasco OR 97065
(541)993-8586                       (541)980-3068
Original Sales Contract Number  20250321ctroof
SCOPE OF WORK:
Buyer agrees to purchase the following described goods and services which are to be furnished as a part of the contract referred to above.  Allowing T & R Builder LLC. to perform any work necessary to complete the scope of work below.
Roof
Remove about 37 squares of existing roofing
Replace about 0 feet of  trim
Replace the one-foot by four-foot skylight
Reroof about 37 squares of Harvest brown Pabco premier and all-new black flashings
 Remove all construction debris from the job site.
(Any plywood replacement, soffit replacement, fascia replacement, and siding replacement) is an addendum to the contract @ cost of material+15% and $50.00 labor per hour.
SALE PRICE           $26,723.00
SALES TAX             $0.00
DOWN PAYMENT   $18,000.00
FINAL PAYMENT    $8,723.00+ any addendum work
DOWN PAYMENT IS DUE AT THE TIME CONTRACT IS SIGNED 
FINAL PAYMENT DUE WITHIN TWO BUSINESS DAYS FROM COMPLETION
 NOTICE TO THE BUYER
DO NOT SIGN THIS CONTRACT BEFORE READING IT CAREFULLY
YOU ARE ENTITLED TO AN EXACT COPY OF EVERYTHING YOU SIGNED
ALL ESTIMATES ARE VALID FOR 15 CONSECUTIVE DAYS FROM WRITTEN DATE 
Special Instructions: Buyer has the right to cancel within Three working Days of the date the contract is signed.  Any *Special orders are not refundable after the three-day timeframe.  Any alterations to the contract specified above will involve extra coast and will be executed after they are submitted in writing.
ATTORNEY FEES: BUYER WILL PAY COLLECTION COSTS AND FEES SELLER INCURS DUE TO BUYERS DEFAULT, WHETHER OR NO A SUIT IS FILED AGAINST THE BUYER, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO SELLERS REASONABLE ATTORNEY FEES AND ANY FEES OR COSTS TO FORECLOSE ANY LOAN. IF SELLER FILES A LAWSUIT TO COLLECT THE UNPAID BALANCE OR TO FORECLOSE ANY DEED OF TRUST SECURING THIS CONTRACT, OR TO ENFORCE TO HAVE DECLARED SELLERS RIGHTS UNDER THIS CONTRACT OF THE DEED OF TRUST, OR IF SELLER IS NAMED A PARTY IN ANY COURT SUIT ACTION BROUGHT WITH RESPECT TO THE PROPERTY BUYER MAY HAVE GIVEN A REASONABLE ATTORNEYS FEES DETERMINED BY ANT TRIAL. APPELLATE OR BANKRUPTCY COURT. THE BUYER WILL ALSO PAY ANY COSTS INVOLVED AND THE ACTUAL COSTS OF OBTAINING TITLE REPORTS TO FORECLOSE OR DEFEND THE DEED OF TRUST GIVEN BY THE BUYER.
BY SIGNING THIS NOTICE YOU ARE INDICATING THAT YOU HAVE RECEIVED THIS NOTICE, HAVE READ, AND UNDERSTAND IT.
T & R          Buyer Signed______________________/___/2025
BUILDER   
                                 Representative_____________________/___/2025

---

*End of document*

**324 Ports and paths are changed ref data**
