**324 Ports and paths are changed ref data**

# Copy of 20250530TA

**Source:** C:\FOB\TANDR_DRIVE\Alltransfer\drive-download-20260123T235105Z-3-001\Copy of 20250530TA.docx
**Type:** DOCX
**Converted:** 2026-03-05 19:30:43

---

CCB#: 254683                                                                          06//02/25
WA#: TRBUIBL762RW      SALES CONTRACT
Office Address:                         Lal Sidhu
408 Scott Street         site address: lot 300 on Biggs Rufus Hwy, Wasco, OR 97065
Moro, Oregon 97039    billing address: 1311 Lancaster Dr NE Salem, OR 97301
(541)288-1113                     (503)910-6527
Original Sales Contract Number  20250530TA
Buyer agrees to purchase the following described goods and services, which are to be furnished as a part of the contract referred to above.  Allowing T & R Builder LLC. to perform any work necessary to complete the scope of work below.
Clear and leave lot 300
T&R will call 811 for utility marking
The research of state and county requirements shows that for the lot work, there are no permits or permissions needed
T&R will remove the old RV from the property and haul all garbage away
Set up and finalize the work order with the power company to move the power poles
Remove all trees and debris from the lot 
All debris will be hauled from the site
T&R will have large equipment delivered 
T&R will set up access to the fire hydrants for the water needed for the project
T&R will set the grade as discussed by the owners and Randy
T&R will install 3 drivable concrete collars providing a stable base for the old well, sewer manhole covers, and the well observation access
T&R will haul all material needed to fill the low spots from the rock quarry, across the street, and west
T&R will compact the fill with machinery
T&R will push out the existing fill on the west side of the lot to fill low areas
Once T&R has reached the preferred grade, we will spread out 6” of crushed ¾- rock for the  final grade 
T&R will use a vibratory compaction roller for the final step of a drivable lot 
All material that is not available to finish the job at the specified quarry will be purchased from a local quarry and hauled by a local CDL driver  at the owner's expense
Cost for moving the utilities will be at the Owner's expense
All changes to the contract will be as follows 
Hourly rate of $110.00 per person needed to complete the task
With all the material and rental billed at cost plus 15% 
SALE PRICE           $ 374,132.71
SALES TAX             $0.00
DOWN PAYMENT   $230,186.27
MID PAYMENT        $81,973.23
FINAL PAYMENT    $61,973.21
DOWN PAYMENTS ARE DUE WITHIN ONE BUSINESS DAY OF THIS CONTRACT BEING SIGNED.
MID PAYMENT IS DUE WHEN THE HEAVY EQUIPMENT IS DELIVERED.  
FINAL PAYMENT DUE WITHIN TWO BUSINESS DAYS FROM COMPLETION.
 NOTICE TO THE BUYER
DO NOT SIGN THIS CONTRACT BEFORE READING IT CAREFULLY
YOU ARE ENTITLED TO AN EXACT COPY OF EVERYTHING YOU SIGNED
ALL ESTIMATES ARE VALID FOR 5 CONSECUTIVE DAYS FROM WRITTEN DATE 
Special Instructions: The buyer has the right to cancel within three working Days of the date the contract is signed.  Any *Special orders are not refundable after the three-day timeframe.  Any alterations to the contract specified above will incur additional costs and will be executed only after they are submitted in writing.
ATTORNEY FEES: BUYER WILL PAY COLLECTION COSTS AND FEES SELLER INCURS DUE TO BUYER'S DEFAULT, WHETHER OR NOT A SUIT IS FILED AGAINST THE BUYER, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, SELLER'S REASONABLE ATTORNEY FEES AND ANY FEES OR COSTS TO FORECLOSE ANY LOAN. IF SELLER FILES A LAWSUIT TO COLLECT THE UNPAID BALANCE OR TO FORECLOSE ANY DEED OF TRUST SECURING THIS CONTRACT, OR TO ENFORCE TO HAVE DECLARED SELLERS RIGHTS UNDER THIS CONTRACT OF THE DEED OF TRUST, OR IF SELLER IS NAMED A PARTY IN ANY COURT SUIT ACTION BROUGHT CONCERNING THE PROPERTY BUYER MAY HAVE GIVEN A REASONABLE ATTORNEYS FEES DETERMINED BY ANT TRIAL. APPELLATE OR BANKRUPTCY COURT. BUYER WILL ALSO PAY ANY COSTS INVOLVED AND THE ACTUAL COSTS OF OBTAINING TITLE REPORTS TO FORECLOSE OR DEFEND THE DEED OF TRUST GIVEN BY THE BUYER.
BY SIGNING THIS NOTICE, YOU ARE INDICATING THAT YOU HAVE RECEIVED THIS NOTICE, HAVE READ, AND UNDERSTAND IT.
T & R          Buyer Signed______________________/___/2025
BUILDER   Co-Buyer__________________________/___/2025
                                 Representative_____________________/___/2025

---

*End of document*

**324 Ports and paths are changed ref data**
